# DATA501_FinalProject
This repository contains all files related to our DATA 501 capstone project.
The original raw data collected from Bloomberg and LSEG Workspace is located in the folder “Original Raw Data”, which contains multiple Excel files corresponding to different financial and ESG variables extracted from these databases. These datasets were extracted separately and required significant preprocessing before analysis. Additional information about the preprocessing steps are noted in "1. Data Cleaning Procedures" document. The cleaned dataset used for analysis is available as a CSV file named FINAL_CLEANED_DATASET_V2.
There are four R Markdown (RMD) files in this repository. Three of these files show our analysis for research question 1 (DATA501_RQ1), research question 2 (DATA501_RQ2), and research question three (DATA501_RQ3). 
The fourth RMD file, DATA501_AlternativeAnalysis, contains an additional analysis we did to each of the three research questions after getting feedback that we should use a method besides linear regression. To do this, we ran a panel quantile regression for each question. 
The code found in the RMD files was run in R using the following version of RStudio: RStudio 2026.01.0+392 "Apple Blossom" Release (49fbea7a09a468fc4d1993ca376fd5b971cb58e3, 2026-01-04) for windows Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) RStudio/2026.01.0+392 Chrome/140.0.7339.249 Electron/38.7.2 Safari/537.36, Quarto 1.8.25. 
The libraries used in this project include: ggplot2, nortest, DescTools, mosaic, dplyr, zoo, car, fixest, lmtest, performance, moments, plm, sandwich, ggeffects, rlang, quantreg, broom, and gratia.
